[DOCS] Add docs for verifying CA fingerprint (#81279)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/install/get-fingerprint.asciidoc

==== Connect clients to {es}

When you start {es} for the first time, it generates a hex-coded SHA-256
fingerprint of the generated HTTPS CA DER-encoded certificate in the terminal.
To connect your client to {es}, copy this fingerprint and pass it as a parameter.
Any clients that connect to {es}, such as the 
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/index.html[{es} Clients],
{beats}, {ls}, and {fleet} can verify that any certificate in the chain
matches the fingerprint.

If the auto-configuration process already completed, you can still obtain the 
fingerprint of the security certificate. Run the following command on any
running node in the {es} cluster that you want to connect to. Modify
`<host>:<port>` to match where your {es} node is running.

[source,sh]
----

> echo | openssl s_client -connect <host>:<port> 2>/dev/null | openssl x509 -issuer -fingerprint -sha256 | sed 's/://g'

Reviewer: Any specific reason for getting it from the running host instead of calculating it from the `http_ca.crt` file on disk ? I can think of 2 I guess: 

1. This version here will work even when users have replaced the auto-generated certificate with their own, but I would expect that they then could also use the actual CA certificate in the client config.
2. The client admin might not have file access to the ES node to calculate the fingerprint of the certificate on disk

_but on the other hand_

1. This is inherently less secure. There is nothing validating the certificate in the original openssl s_client call, so if a MITM is already positioned in front of the ES node, then the client would be configured to trust a malicious CA fingerprint. We lose the whole purpose of initial trust bootstrap that we're trying to achieve with the fingerprint option. 
2. Less important,  `openssl x509 -fingerprint -sha256 -in <path/to/http_ca.crt>` reads a little less scary than what you have here :) .

Author: @jkakavas, I modified the docs in 0a40a3b3b75832b80d7a7d48edca2e2c1c5df637 to indicate using the `http_ca.crt` file on disk, and updated the `openssl` command to match -- thanks for the less-scary syntax!

==== Connect clients to {es}

When you start {es} for the first time, it generates a hex-coded SHA-256
fingerprint of the generated HTTPS CA DER-encoded certificate in the terminal.
To connect your client to {es}, copy this fingerprint and pass it as a parameter.
Any clients that connect to {es}, such as the 
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/index.html[{es} Clients],

> {beats}, {ls}, and {fleet} can verify that any certificate in the chain
> matches the fingerprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{beats}, {ls}, and {fleet} can verify that {es} is using a certificate that is signed
by the CA certificate that matches the fingerprint
```

> ==== Connect clients to {es}

Reviewer: Apologies in advance, but I'll suggest another refactoring. I find the current structure quite confusing for users as is

```
==== Connect clients to {es}

When you start {es} for the first time, TLS is configured for the HTTP layer and a CA certificate
is generated and stored on disk. The hex-encoded SHA-256 fingerprint of that certificate is also printed
in the terminal. Any clients that connect to {es} such as the 
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/index.html[{es} Clients],
{beats}, {ls}, and {fleet} need to validate that they trust the certificate that {es} uses for HTTPS and they 
can do so by using either the fingerprint of the CA certificate or the CA certificate itself.

[discrete]
===== Use the CA fingerprint

Copy the fingerprint value that {es} printed to the terminal on startup and configure your client to use this
fingerprint to establish trust when it connects to {es}.

If the auto-configuration process already completed, you can still obtain the 
fingerprint of the security certificate by running the following command. The path is to the
auto-generated CA certificate for the HTTP layer.

[source,sh]
----
openssl x509 -fingerprint -sha256 -in config/tls_auto_config_<timestamp>/http_ca.crt
----

`<timestamp>`:: The timestamp of when the auto-configuration process created the security files directory.

The command returns the the security certificate, including the fingerprint.
The `issuer` should be `Elasticsearch security auto-configuration HTTP CA`.

[source,sh]
----
issuer= /CN=Elasticsearch security auto-configuration HTTP CA
SHA256 Fingerprint=<fingerprint>
----

[discrete]
===== Use the CA certificate

If your library or client doesn't support a method of validating the fingerprint, the 
auto-generated CA certificate is created in the
`config/tls_auto_config_<timestamp>` directory on each {es} node. Copy the
`http_ca.crt` file to your machine and configure your client to use this
certificate to establish trust when it connects to {es}.
```

Author: Thanks @jkakavas 👍 I updated the sections to reflect your suggested changes. Let me know if you're +1 on merging given the recent updates.
